README.md, before:

# `wgpu_sig_ops`

## Getting started

Clone this repository:

```bash
git clone git@github.com:geometers/wgpu_sig_ops.git
```

Run the tests:

```
cd wgpu_sig_ops &&
cargo test
```

## Overview

This repository contains GPU shaders for the following cryptographic operations:

- secp256k1 ECDSA signature recovery
- secp256r1 ECDSA signature recovery
- curve25519 EdDSA signature verification

These GPU shaders are written in the [WebGPU Shader
Language](https://www.w3.org/TR/WGSL/), and are executed by the
[wgpu](https://github.com/gfx-rs/wgpu) API which works with Rust.

The constituent algorithms for these operations, which also come with their own
unit tests, include:

- Big integer addition, subtraction, multiplication, and halving
- Bytestring-to-big-integer conversion
- Finite field addition, subtraction, inversion, and multiplication
- Multiplication of finite field elements in Montgomery form
- Barrett reduction
- Square root calculation where the modulus is 3 mod 4
- Projective curve point addition and doubling
- Shamir-Strauss multiplication
- Extended Twisted Edwards curve point addition and doubling

## Montgomery multiplication benchmarks

These benchmarks can help select the best choice of limb size for different platforms.

```bash
cargo test mont_mul_benchmarks -- --nocapture
```

Commit message:

added note about correctness to the readme

README.md, after:

# `wgpu_sig_ops`

## Getting started

Clone this repository:

```bash
git clone git@github.com:geometers/wgpu_sig_ops.git
```

Run the tests:

```
cd wgpu_sig_ops &&
cargo test
```

## Overview

This repository contains GPU shaders for the following cryptographic operations:

- secp256k1 ECDSA signature recovery
- secp256r1 ECDSA signature recovery
- curve25519 EdDSA signature verification

These GPU shaders are written in the [WebGPU Shader
Language](https://www.w3.org/TR/WGSL/), and are executed by the
[wgpu](https://github.com/gfx-rs/wgpu) API which works with Rust.

The constituent algorithms for these operations, which also come with their own
unit tests, include:

- Big integer addition, subtraction, multiplication, and halving
- Bytestring-to-big-integer conversion
- Finite field addition, subtraction, inversion, and multiplication
- Multiplication of finite field elements in Montgomery form
- Barrett reduction
- Square root calculation where the modulus is 3 mod 4
- Projective curve point addition and doubling
- Shamir-Strauss multiplication
- Extended Twisted Edwards curve point addition and doubling

These tests execute the same operations in CPU and in GPU, and compare the
result to ensure correctness. For instance, for the ECDSA tests, the output of
the shader is checked against the output of the relevant ECDSA signature
recovery function from the
[`fuel-crypto`](https://crates.io/crates/fuel-crypto) library.

## Montgomery multiplication benchmarks

These benchmarks can help select the best choice of limb size for different platforms.

```bash
cargo test mont_mul_benchmarks -- --nocapture
```
